docs: Getting started documentation (#1747)
spryker/spryker-docs: _drafts/oryx/getting-started-with-oryx.md

---
title: Getting started with Oryx
description: Get a general idea of Oryx
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Apr 4, 2023
---

> Oryx is a framework for building composable frontends, providing a rich library of components and a design system. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Oryx is a framework that empowers developers to build composable frontends with ease. It provides a rich library of components and a design system, which let developers create modern and visually appealing user interfaces. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.
```

> Oryx is a framework for building composable frontends, providing a rich library of components and a design system. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.

Author: what about:
> a rich library of components including a design system,

> Oryx is a framework for building composable frontends, providing a rich library of components and a design system. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.

Reviewer: Isn't it the other way around?

> Oryx is a framework for building composable frontends, providing a rich library of components and a design system. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.

Author: no, there's a lot of components, and parts of it are design system components. 

For example, we have "domain" components (eg "add to cart") that are using design system components (eg a button).

> Oryx is a framework that empowers developers to build composable frontends with ease. It provides a rich library of components including a design system, which let developers create modern and visually appealing user interfaces. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Oryx is a framework that empowers developers to build composable frontends with ease. It provides a rich library of components, including a design system, which lets developers create modern and visually appealing user interfaces. The components integrate with Spryker APIs by default, providing a seamless experience for developers.
```
